listed as "barely used" but is heavily damaged & won't accept a return 
Deceiving pictures and wouldn't want to work things out. 
Fake item with same number is list on various site.. had it authenticated and this item is fake 
This liar did not say the bag was broken. There was no description in the ad, that the handle was BROKEN. I have been shopping on eBay for 20 years and this is my last purchase because of liars like this one 
LV Bag has worst smell of Mold and Mildew. No Faint Smell about itI. Bag is BAD..and has Mold & mildew growing on the interior . So Misrepresented. 
FAKE BAG SENT, not authentic at all will be sending back for a refund. Be careful of seller! 
BUYER BEWARE!!! I PURCHASED TWO BAGS ON 1/28/22, BOTH BAGS WERE USED AND ONE WAS DESCRIBED AS HAVING A STAIN. WHEN THE BAG ARRIVED THE STAIN WAS MUCH WORSE THAT WHAT THE PICTURES DEPICTED. I IMMEDIATELY CONTACED THE SELLER AND REQUESTED A REFUND. ON 2/15/22 I RECEIVED A MESSAGE FROM THE SELLER TELLING ME THAT MY MOST CURRENT ORDER FROM 2/7/22 HAD BEEN CANCELLED AND REFUNDED BECAUSE I REQUESTED A REFUND AND THEY ARE NO LONGER SELLING TO JAPANESE CUSTOMERS. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER!! 
Won Gucci backpack, was charged $219.89, and was waiting on it. Finally looked up why I hadn't received item, saw that the seller canceled the sale. Was refunded money 15 hours after I paid for it. Never contacted me. 
Stinky and Nasty! I want a refund for the garbage that you sold me! The smell is so bad, i had to put it out in my garage to keep from throwing up! Where is my $275 that i wasted on this junk? 
The seller has added a further £30 after the auction ended. I've message them ?????????? and both times, asking for an explanation. As it's too late to cancel the order, I will not be making a payment to this seller. 
Description did not match photo. Offered to cancel bid and didn't 
sorry am not happy with the bag the both hand after one week of usage they are broken the you have spare hand you can send me for the price of the bag and 60 pounds DHL I could buy a good one 
FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!! 
arrived quickly, colour was a bit different than on the listed image, it has different shades at some parts. I guess I couldn't do nothing as i agree to buy a used item. 
I Will return the bag and send me al Anel for return its not working in the ups 
Contacted seller within minutes of accidental order placed to request a cancelation. Seller never responded to me. I sent a follow up message a day later still requesting cancelation and again never heard back. When order was processed I contacted seller for the 3rd time asking why and if order could please be canceled. Seller never responded to me. I have not received the order either. 
Need to buy a bigger size and can't return any items because it cost more to return than to buy from them 
The bag was fine. The reason I am leaving a negative is because of the seller's irresponsible shipping & poor customer service. They incorrectly coded the purse as a 'man's overcoat' with a 30% duty as opposed to 9% which is what the duty is on a leather purse. I contacted the seller--no response, no help. After a lot of effort, I got it fixed through DHL. I would have paid $350 over for their mistake. See all the other people who said they paid 30% in the FB? The were overcharged. BEWARE!!! 
Description and photos were very deceptive. It was a MINI Tote not a standard-sized one. It was supposed to be free shipping and in fine print, possible import charges may be incurred. I was charged over 30% in handling fees and import charges when item was already being shipped. AND they have no return policy. BUYER BEWARE!  
As a first time Ebay buyer, this international seller (Japan) did not provide the correct description for the shoulder bag I purchased ($417) and sent me a crossbody shoulder bag so left out important details. But now after 1 week still expects me to pay return shipping which equals half the price of the handbag ($188) and I think this is unfair so I would never recommend this seller. 
I am not happy with this purchase at all. I have been in hbag biz for 30 years in NYC. Sorry to tell you but believe not real Gucci. The back zip pocket zipper does not close shut. The handle attachments are crooked and too short. Hard for bag to hold. Handles bend at attachment bc so tight. I always purchase from Japan. First time ever been this disappointed. Based on how seem I do not believe authentic 
The bag is really old the price is not worth it . 
the inside of this bag is disgusting and dirty. No pics to say how bad it was. 
so disappointed stained and no dooney registration card threw it in trash 
Item , as seller mentioned, was supposed to be a soft genuine leather , but it was not. 
The bag came very quickly. But overall I'm not happy with it. First of all it smells weird. It's not pure leather smell like leather quality shoes or jackets. The smell is not pleasant. Internal material is very low quality. The oil that the bag was treated with is greasy and stays on hands. I put this bag out of package in front of the open window but it still smells weird. Not a luxury product as advertised. Also the metal elements left marks on one side of the bag. I wouldn't buy it again. 
To small 
I never got my bag it went to the wrong address disappeared 
BUYER BEWARE! This is GOODWILL INDUSTRIES, I was sold a counterfeit fake DOONEY & BURKE purse ! SHAMEFUL 
Dishonest seller, bag is NOT the advertised size. Very disappointed. 
It does not let me pay with another credit card 
It says Packeage left at front door. I have a 6 foot Metal Privacy fence around my Ranch. camera's show NO Deliveries today. where was it dropped off at? 
It has been determined that one of these bags is fake. I can't return so i have to eat the loss. Please do a more thorough check to avoid this in the future.
Broken, broken 
Bulk items are not all authentic gucci....pictures are photo shopped to appear better. A waist of my time....very dissapointed. 
The seller was correct it is junk but do not say it is also fake. I ripped the bags and inside was cartoon and cheap materials. Gucci do not use these cheap glue, paper and crappy leather. Make you own research, vintage brands are more expensive in Japan mire than the US. Be aware and check the purchase (if you already made it) with Authenticator and you will see the results. By the way they are a number of them from Japan and it seems they are connected if not the same group, good luck. 
I haven't received this purse yet!!!! 
The bag surprised me! I paid 398$ and it's a lot for a bag in this condition! Totally useless. I couldn't touch inside. It was like glue. I could not clean it. It was extremely sticky. I took the bag to Louis Vuitton, Dubai. They charge me 380$ to repair inside the bag. This is the worst experience I ever had to purchase something! 
The handbag has a replacement zipper pull. This was not mention in the description. Very disappointed because honesty goes a long way. Beware 
The bag is not authentic. I paid $4,300 for a fake bag . Very disappointed. 
Did not match the description 
Not what I wanted 
The strap on the bag broke two weeks after receiving the bag 
OMG! FINALLY GOT AROUND TO HAND WASHING WITH LIQUIOD TIDE LIKE I DO ALL MY USED PURSES AND THEN HANG DRY BUT THIS PURSE ALTHOUGH LOOKED GOOD ON OUTSIDE WAS DRY-ROTTED !! HOLES AND SPLITS EVERYWHERE JUST BY HANDWASHING.... SO DISAPOINTED AND WILL NEVER SPEND A CENT WITH THIS SELLER AGAIN!PURE ROTTED CLOTH BAG! STAIN CAME OUT BUT NOW BAGS NO GOOD! 
This is not authentic as the listing states , there is no date code & the seller will not respond to my messages or requests for refund & return !!! Do not buy from this seller !!!   
The bag is cute, but first I noticed the smell. Then, I noticed yellow mold spores everywhere in the bag. I tried everything to get it out and cannot. I wasted 300$ just to throw the bag away. 
I never received my item. Tracking said delivered but never got it. Highly disappointed. And no response from seller   
Bag is very damaged the inside is torn?tear glue are coming off. seller is not communicating I need to send it back, I'm asking to send me a pre paid shipping label so I can return the damaged bag.seller listing is very misleading very disappointing not a honest seller   
You package it so righty that you folded the bag and it was received with a huge cracked line where it was folded   
Was an easy transaction but the bag BROKE the FIRST time I used it. I sent photos and immediately contacted them. The seller accepted the "return" but wouldn't pay for shipping. So I had to spend $60 on a bag that I didn't even use. Not good business. Will NEVER buy again.    
I requested a refund from this seller because purse was smaller than expected and now seller is refusing to pay the return shipping charges. Just a way to get more money from it's buyers. Just send me the label so, I can send the item back!   
The strap is damaged and is about to be ripped off. Seller did not mention anything about this, no pictures as well.    
The quality of the purse is inferior. Wasn't a good buy . The material look so pale like I have it years now . It doesn't look new .  
Cancel item  
Hi there, I would like to return bag and get a full refund. The back smells and I thought it would be in better condition. Please let me know if this can be arranged. Thank you Linda   
Though not "RE-COLORED" which is very normal for this seller on every BALENCIAGA and other bag.... This bag arrived with a tear of leather part + a big hole on the zipper + broken strap!!!!! Certainly, not mentioning in the description. WHY! Cheater! Right! Fully know that returning item internationally is complicated and almost impossible cost and process wise!!!! Not every once in a while, I got 4 junk items in 1 order!!!! Buyer suffer from this seller!!! EBAY - you need really consider this!!   
Be mindful of a very small description "RE-COLORED"!!! All are of bad quality. This purple bag arrived with sticky surface!!! Handles sticked to the bag. When separating them, the color come off!!!!! Refuse to help buyer fixing the problem by getting it fix with support/partial refund. Of the same trick, chasing buyer back and forth with bad intention not to take care or responsible for any thing. The worst is really that this cheater is a big lier on Ebay!!!! Why keeping this seller around!!!!!   
Caveat emptor! They refuse to sell you the bag you won if they don't like the price! Read the negative feedback!   
DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER!!! This bag has a tear/ hole in the leather. I spent a lot of money on it…. The tear/ hole was not shown in the pictures nor was it listed in the description. There's also adhesive some sort of glue all over the creases of the bag. I'm beyond unhappy with my purchase. I asked for a partial refund and was only offered my shipping costs back… terrible customer service. I sent pictures in the day I received the item to show the issues. Angry is an understatement!  
Caveat emptor! They refuse to sell you the bag you won if they don't like the price! Read the negative feedback!   
My First bad experience since i purchased many bags from E-bay . A bags Doesn't match as description or photos ,i returned but seller did not give refund . So E-bay helped me to solution ,finally i got refunded. I Will not buy from this seller again.   
It says it's a handbag but all it is is a nylon shopping bag no lining no pockets very disappointed and then I was charged in Porten export fees also   
Fake YSL bag. Very disappointing    
Bag was unauthentic, had it checked in the states once it arrived.  
Description didn't say the pockets were junk making the bag unusable. Description only said minor scratches and scuffs.   
Completely different COLOR THAN THE PICTURES. Very disappointed. I dont know how this could have been an accident. I wish i could return it. Their other items miggt be just fine. Do not judge from this review only.    
This item was very dirty when I received it. It would have been very easy to wipe it out and ensure it was free of dirt debris and hair! I would never send something to someone like this, even if it was used!  
The purse has a horrible odor. Item was not described correctly. 
Seller lied and said the item sold on another platform DAYS before she realized I purchased it and had to cancel my order. I searched for it and found the listing, it sold two days AFTER I purchased for almost double. I sent the seller a screenshot to show them I knew they were lying and I have not heard back since.  
Lovely purse but it has very noticeable imperfections/wear & tear that were not mentioned in the description nor were they visible in the photographs. They're quite visible in real life though. Would not have bought the purse if I'd been aware   
This bag was way worse shape than was￼ portrayed. After using it a couple of times legit about 3 bc i was worried about condition the handle broke Ugh my husband was already pretty upset i bought such a gross looking bag then the handle broke to top it off.  
Horrible condition no zipper 
The handle on this bag was almost torn off and this was not displayed in the pictures online. I sent the item back and they refunded me the money I paid, eBay had to step in, so in essence, they tried to keep the merchandise and my $325. I would call that stealing, Buyer beware!!! 
It was a lot smaller than I thought it would be and it seems like it would fit a decent amount of food but it didn't and doesn't..  
item was dirty and its a remake not the original product.  
backpack is very nice but not the color that was in the picture 
This bag is a FAKE! No LV numbers, nothing. I'm so disappointed. Certainly won't use this seller again.  
The bag as black ink or something inside that got in everything. Bag was nice on outside but the inside trashed. Tricky because you couldn't tell it until It got on everything. Sad to sell damage items just for a profit.  
Well this Handbag was in worse condition than I expected but I purchased to only one has arrived and the company is not responding to my messages I received only one hand bag from my purchase of two handbags on the 21st and I received only someone to send that song on the 25th and the other one is still showing not shipped but I paid for two handbags and I'm getting frustrated as I've left several messages for this company I have purchased from them many times in the past. Please respond! 
This is not real LV it smells of gasoline I want a refund , there was no authentication slip inside and no return invoit 
this bag is terrible phony and fake all at the same time!!! unbothered, though, as my dog can use it as a chew toy!!!   
Unfortunately, Article was described not good. There were a lot of holes on top which were not mentioned. 
This bag was not as described. The zipper hangs out of bag, top of bag has scaled area. Does not appear to be authentic. Very disappointed.  
Finally had the bag inspected. It is a fake.       
Purse smelled so bad , took to Louis Vuitton and was told this was fake , brass was not brass, the purse itself was so stiff .. . Asked them to exchange purse . Would not do that .   
The inside lining of leather is shredding/ peeling so SO a badly that it ruined my wallet, got all over everything and every time I stick my hand in the purse the peeling leather gets all over my fingernails. I'm SOOOOOOO disappointed!!!!!  
I took bag to cobbler to have straps fixed and was told the bag was a fake.    
Bag had tear near zipper. Was charged 107$ duty to Canada. Over all not happy with bag. And would like to return  
The seller is a liar, a fraud. The bag smells musty I will not buy anything from this dishonest seller anymore .   
Item wasn't what was described in picture    
Terrible odor, unusable- cannot remove. Sent item back over a month ago- no refund. DO NOT BUY.  
One strap was completely broken from the side. I took the bag to a repair shop (2 actually) and was told that it would cost $110 to just fix that one strap - not including the metal casing where the leather was also damaged. They also stated that the other 3 straps were about to go as well. All in - they told me it would cost over $400 for the repairs as the leather straps were weak and pulled apart but the straps around the metal casing were also damaged.  
Please refund this item. It was completely FAKE and I am very upset that I got misled as that is just wrong to do to people on here. I would like my money back please.    
Horrible experience. Wasn't satisfied with the item and when I sent the item back the seller stop responding to my messages!!  
Seller answers no questions / messages before, during and even after purchase.   
negative, trash.  
Item description is not good in my opinion. Pictures don't show the reality. The bag I received is cheap. Cardboard bag covered by leather . If I knew how cheaply made this YSL vintage bag was, I never would've bought it. Big regret. Money thrown out of the window. The rest of the transaction went well, seller shipped it fast. Because of description/pictures lacking reality i will probably not buy again. 
This was a fake! I would like my money back... 
The item is damage  
Disappointed, the leather straps was not as light as picture. All were yellow and dingy. The picture taken was brighter because of lighting and did not hold true to the actual bag
Excellent Seller, ships super fast, as described, will shop again, thank you.  
the bag is in worst condition.. its odd, it feels like the vachetta is getting worst cracked anf falling apart each day even though i havent used the bag. be
Bag is really bad the outside looks ok but the inside is a junk, on the pictures does not look bad but all the pockets are bad, I m not sending this back because I'm not paying shipping to God know where  
This bag is not authentic. I paid thinking I was paying for an authentic purse. Paying 800 dollars for a purse that's not authentic is absurd. I will report this to eBay.   
Shipping took over 2 weeks. Seller was vague in answering questions on where my purse was. I expect more transparency and honesty when buying a bag at the $4000+ price point.  
Smaller than what I expected it's a child's purse  
The bag is not ORIGINAL. I don't love it and want to return it. Thanks 
I cannot provide a positive rating for the seller. The item I purchased was sold as an authentic Louis Vuitton duffel bag and after review and examining the product, it was not authentic but a fake. Be careful when buying from this person. The seller attempted to keep my money and only offered an eight dollar refund on a $500 order. If it had not been for PayPal, I would not have gotten a full refund from the seller. 
Smells so bad It could make you sick.  
Bag literally stinks. Response from seller- I was told that it is used. I don't know about you, but I have many bags and none of the stink! Who buys a bag knowing that it smells. Nothing in ad about the stench permeating from bag. Note to seller, you need to rethink your grading scale if you grade something as in good shape when it stinks to high heaven.￼. Do what you want but I'd avoid the seller at all cost. I've been buying on eBay since 2002 and never had anything like this happen  
Disappointed that the bag had color transfer on it which was not disclosed. Also pen mark on the interior. I didn't notice it until after 14 day return policy was over with. But the bag otherwise is pretty. Timely shipping  
I did not get the correct item. I received a green canvas bag!!! Please contact me and where my Day and Mood leather purse is.  
I received my purse I am disappointed that it smells and wreaks of a wet mildewy damp smell!! It is bad!!!  
I am cancelling this purchase. I cannot wait forever! I am beyond dismayed and frustrated by continuous change of delivery schedule! 
Fedex got incorrect address today, i have been waiting all hours since 8am and could not work properly from home since i need to always check my gate. can you help pls as im here tomorrow and tonight to wait for this bag. Yesterday they were here and i was too busy with my work and missed it so they need to fix my address today. Thanks waiting for your kind advise thanks  
They do not show all of the damages in their pictures and when confronted they simply said they did not have time because they have lots of inventory to take pictures of???? There are better sellers out there. I do not recommend. AT ALL.  
Bag arrived quickly (DHL Express). Unfortunately written description did not match the images provided (all the damage was not properly covered in the pictures). Also the general quality of the pictures left a lot to be desired. Seller communication was not good: only offered solution was a return which hardly made no sense as I had already paid for taxes and duties (which are non-refundable). Would not do business with this store in the future as there are plenty of others to choose from! 
It's not shown in the picture, but there are stitch mark in the bag. I wouldn't have bought it if I knew it. 
Seller wasn't show biggest damages second end of bag, only mint side was shown by photos. Suggest that I send it back but I dont have time for paperworks for taxes refunds and tolls. I trust sellers feedbacks but this time hole deal was waste of time and money. If item is damaged, show it, not only good sides! No more from this seller   
Item is lost in shipment with DHL. No tracking updates in 13 days. No response for m DHL    
Good communication from the seller although, I still regret going through with the purchase with the Standard international delivery as I still have not received the item and anxious about losing the amount I spent for the bag. I could have read the description carefully. I've been calling a lot of people but still can't find someone to help. I only have a UK tracking from parcelforce that does not work. Definitely only trust Fedex next time.  
The bag has been sent without de dustbag that was inside de bag (!!!!!!). So the leather has been damaged by the bubble plastic wrap. What a mess !!!!! Stupid mistake        
I would like to return this item    
There are more damages than the description like a big oil spot on the top of the flap and various leather cracks.   
There is a large and deep scratch on one side of the bag that was not disclosed or shown in the photos for the item. I'm disappointed and surprised because the seller disclosed much smaller/minor scratches, so I thought the seller would be honest and reliable. I'm undecided about whether to keep it especially since I already paid taxes and duties...I don't think I would have purchased had I know about this big scratch!      
I paid for this bag and received a message that they didn't have it. Very bizarre.       