'AAAAAAAAA+++++Excellent! Great Color', 'pos',
'I was surprised by receiving today. I love the pattern, pix don\'t do it justice!', 'pos',
'Thanks, A++++', 'pos',
'Pretty bag. Fast shipping. Thank you!', 'pos',
'Seller was quick to fix issues. Highly recommended. A+', 'pos',
'Beautiful bag, wonderful seller! Thanks! :)', 'pos',
'Item as described. Excellent eBayer. A+++++', 'pos',
'Love my new handbag. Thank you', 'pos',
'Great ebayer!! Fast shipping!!! Thanks for the awesome listing!!! Love the bag!!!', 'pos',
'Wonderful experience and item just as promised! Thank you!', 'pos',
'Willing to negotiate price, excellent condition exactly as described. This is my all time favorite LV bag. Mine is actually under repair for the strap and zipper. I am so glad to find a authenticated replacement. Thank you!','pos',
'nice packaging, quick shipping, good transaction', 'pos',
'Perfect bag and excellent seller! Thanks so much!', 'pos',
'Great seller! Item as described. Thank you!', 'pos',
'Thank you for such a smooth transaction! such a rare design. Matches my bag and I\'m so happy.', 'pos',
'Trusted seller, A+ shipping & communication. I am returning buyer. BEST Seller!! Do not hesitate to buy from this seller!', 'pos',
'Excellent seller, very quick to reply to questions, easy communications overall, and a wonderful LV bag! Shipping delayed at authenticators, no fault of seller.) Recommended seller!!','pos',
'Arrived perfect. Thanks Very beautiful handbag.', 'pos',
'Thank you for your kindness and doing business with you. I highly recommend! :-) Such a pretty bag', 'pos',
'SUPER great vendor-bid with confidence-I LOVE this Louis-thanks so much.', 'pos',
'Amazing! Love my new bag! Thank you!', 'pos',
'Authentic luxury. Nice', 'pos',
'LOVE THE BAG! THANKS', 'pos',
'Thank you!', 'pos',
'as described. Thanks', 'pos',
'Lovely! Thank you very much.', 'pos',
'Thank you! Very good!', 'pos',
'Easy transaction and excellent service. Thank you :)', 'pos',
'Such a beautiful bag!! And super fast delivery, thank you.', 'pos',
'I\'ve bought three Balenciaga bags from japan_monoshare and this one has been in the best condition.Very happy! Fast postage as always.Many thanks!', 'pos',
'The handbag arrived 2 weeks early, TY!', 'pos',
'It\'s a lovely bag at a good price.TY for fast delivery!!', 'pos',
'Lightning speed shipping and item exactly as described. As a satified customer I\'d say: Thank you!', 'pos',
'Very good condition clan and look new. Fast shipping and many thanks.', 'pos',
'This is my first purchase with this seller. I am really impressed with the quality of this item. I hope that we do business again soon!','pos',
'Better than expected,excellent condition of LV clutch.Extremely fast delivery! Just ordered another one from them. Great seller.','pos',
'Incredible fast shipping, and excelent product - just as described!', 'pos',
'So beautiful this traveling bag loving so much. Japan monoshare best company always.', 'pos',
'Speedy speedy shipping! Well packed expect nothing then stellar from these Japanese sellers!', 'pos',
'I\'ve purchased from this seller before - very trustworthy! This item is actually better than the photos! Very pleased!', 'pos',
'beautiful bag in great condition, and received very quickly! AAAAA+++++', 'pos',
'Very fast shipping. Accurate description', 'pos',
'I love everything about the bag, it also arrived on time. Thanks I enjoy doing business with you.', 'pos',
'There was a key photo missing from the listing which would have depicted the worst part of this bag. I ended up really liking the bag though measurements were also off) & decided to keep it as the seller did offer a partial refund. This led to an overall positive experience.','pos',
'For second hand herbag the price a bit high, and the dirty area can\'t 100 % show in the picture.But is Authentic.Even I saw negative comments, I also afraid, but the buyer accept 30 days return.This gives me confidence.', 'pos',
'Item was packaged neatly and the shipping speed was lightening fast ! Item was in mint condition. Thank you ', 'pos',
'Very stylish collection! Thank you. Want to keep them for gifts to a few friends who like the high brand.', 'pos',
'Didn\'t realize I needed to scrape out the whole bag inside because the liner was peeling throughout but now looks great.Outside in great condition', 'pos',
'Good bag!worth the money', 'pos',
'Fantastic experience! My package was sent promptly, they chose a reliable shipper, and I\'m SO happy with the product.I couldn\'t ask for more!', 'pos',
'Fantastic D&G Crossbody Saddle Bag and in Very Nice Condition, Thanks!', 'pos',
'ONE OF EBAY\'S FINEST AND MOST REPUTABLE SELLERS - ABSOLUTE PERFECTION!!!', 'pos',
'Even though it is pre-owned, I LOVE IT!!!! It\'s better than I even expected.....The delivery was SUPER FAST.....', 'pos',
'Seller responds quickly to messages and addresses concerns. Item arrived quickly.', 'pos',
'FLAWLESS transaction! super FAST shipping & a nice bag! Thank you! ARRIGATO.', 'pos',
'fast shipping well packaged exact description good communication with the seller.', 'pos',
'The handbag was in very good condition. Came fast. Sorry for the late review. Thank you so much!', 'pos',
'Such an adorable bag!! Super fast shipping and its in great shape!!! Thank you!!', 'pos',
'Very happy about my purchase, the quality is way better than I thought for a C ranking. Shipping is super fast too! However please keep in mind that it\'s very possible to pay of taxes and TVA.So the price can go up easily + the transaction fee)', 'pos',
'This is my third purchase from your store and I never get disappointed. Love the bag! Thank you!', 'pos',
'Thank you! The purse was pacakged carefully and even received it early! Thank you!', 'pos',
'item in excellent condition, better than described. seller is one of the best.', 'pos',
'I received my bag in perfect condition as promised! I am so pleased with this seller and product. Thank you for the fair pricing, prompt correspondence and fast shipping! Happy sales!','pos',
'Beautiful handbag, received as described. Love Dooney and Bourke especially this style. Thank you', 'pos',
'excellent bag for a B n D drill cordless!!', 'pos',
'fast international shipping, good communication and great condition on bag!', 'pos',
'Seller is easy to reach...good communication... very good prices and fast delivery. I would definitely buy from them in the future. And I love my Louis Vuitton handbag!','pos',
'Super fast shipping! Great communication with the shipping process. I love the bag. Thank you so much!', 'pos',
'Amazing seller! Item as described. Fast shipping! Thank you so much!! I love it!', 'pos',
'Very good Ebayer, fast shipping item as described if not better, will definitely buy again from him. Thank you','pos',
'The item was indeed a great buy! Almost new! I\'m so happy! Will definitely buy again from seller.', 'pos',
'Fantastic seller! I Highly recommend!!! Very knowledgeable and helpful. The best service I have ever received from a seller on Ebay! AAA+!!!', 'pos',
'I\'d happily deal with again!! Love the bag and thanks for the great communication', 'pos',
'Prompt delivery, excellent service, highly recommended seller, many thanks, Will be back. 5 Stars ', 'pos',
'Beautiful condition, better then described, looks like new. Arrived faster then expected. Thank you so much', 'pos',
'The handbag is so much better than I expected, it looks slightly used and very clean inside. It was packaged professionally. Communication with seller is great. Thank you.','pos',
'Excellent designer item in even better condition than expected. Verified authentic by 3rd party. Thank you!', 'pos',
'WOW WOW Amazing seller*** Professional service and speedy delivery. Received my beautiful bag in less than a week! Superb communication throughout. Will definitely buy again and I love the bag. Thank you and I am over the moon with it!','pos',
'OMG, the best seller I have encountered in a very long time. So professional.', 'pos',
'Prompt, professional and reliable. I really appreciated the frequent communication provided by this Seller and highly recommend their product and services. Everything came exactly as described. Will definitely use them again.','pos',
'Coming for Japan this order arrived threes days before Christmas. Estimated arrival was Wednesday the 29th and it got here on the 22. Thank you Kyounokra!','pos',
'Wow! Amazing fast delivery! To the United States. In 5 days. That\'s just Astonishing! Happy with the purse, very nice condition.Will definitely do business again.Arigato gozaimasu! ', 'pos',
'Very good service provided regular updates and quick shipping. There was an extra import/duty tax fee that I had to pay but that isn\'t any fault of the seller.Buyers should look up how much the tax will be as I hadn\'t factored it into my budget when I bought this handbag. I\'m very happy with the product, it was exactly how it looked in the pictures.', 'pos',
'Wonderful Prada bag accurately described and safely sent via DHL. Thank you to a great seller!', 'pos',
'Excellent seller. Checked that I was ok with bag not coming with key etc before it was sent. Arrived very quickly. Very pleased and would use this seller again.','pos',
'This bag is All the right details as described on the post. Updated all processed since ordering. Used DLH for shipping, it\'s quite fast delivery.', 'pos',
'I strongly recommend this seller, not only the item is authentic, but also delivery was fast, and they informed you every step of the process of delivery so you know what\'s going on.The bag I bought is exactly like the pictures, the stain on the bag was actually not visible but the photos detailed it and make you think the flaw is huge but it is NOT, this just shows their HONESTY.The bag came with a dust bag and a purchased prove, which is a surprise.I am very happy with the purchase', 'pos',
'Super Fast Intl Shipping, Trustworthy seller, Excellent Communication, Fast reponses, Definitely will Do Business with these seller, You can count on authentication of their products.', 'pos',
'really impressed: great communication, shipped to Germany within 5 days, great price, Prada bag perfectly as described! Highly recommend this seller and love to do business with you again! Thank you so much!','pos',
'Love the look of this purse. It seems very vintage looking. I ordered another in brown. Easy transaction. Thank you. Take good care. Stay safe.','pos',
'Great communication Fast Shipping.You can buy with confidence from this Seller...Thanks!!', 'pos',
'excellent quality and received faster than I ever thought possible. I am ordering another as we speak.', 'pos',
'I love this purse so much.. The leather is beautiful such good quality and fantastic price.Beautiful', 'pos',
'Fast delivery. Good looking bag. Very, Very nice. Exactly what the seller described, photographed. Shipped in good packaging. Shipping cost a little bit high, I thought. It comes in under 2 lbs. I\'d have offered Parcel Select for $7.28 Hey, 3 bucks is $3. ha ! That\'s what I do anyway. Good communication throughout. Lenny\'s a good egg.Thanks very much.Great Seller!', 'pos',
'The handbag exceeded my expectations right down to the detail given for the package. . Sellers communication was great. I am truly grateful.', 'pos',
'OmGosh thank you for packaging my purse so beautifully, what a nice surprise! The extra gift of perfume was such a lovely touch. And it smells great I\'m wearing it right now', 'pos',
'Fabulous experience with the seller. The purse is practically pristine. She let me know when I could expect to receive it and I did receive it 2 days later, it was carefully packaged and shipped promptly. I would absolutely do business with her once again.', 'pos',
'I wish I could give you more than five stars. Thank you for an exemplary experience', 'pos',
'Super fast shipping and item was in immaculate condition. Item was securely packed with care and amazing communication seller! Truly 5-stars - happy to buy from again. The added sample gift was a very nice touch. Thank you so much!','pos',
'This purse is sort of small but it\'s very cute I think I will give it to my granddaughter', 'pos',
'nice! was packaged very well. even received a great lil thank you gift ', 'pos',
'Thank you! I am so happy with purchase. Would buy from anytime! Seller is A+++++', 'pos',
'This might be the best vintage bag I have ever purchased. Great condition as the seller described. For sure I will visit again.','pos',
'I love my purse I am totally satisfied and thank you for my gift the packaging was perfect.', 'pos',
'My order was packed and wrapped very well. The product looks great and came on time.', 'pos',
'Wonderful service thank you so much I love them Judy Blue is my favorite. Again thank you so very much', 'pos',
'I love the purse and you made me cry when I found the quarter. Thanks so much. Sincerely, Tammy Good Memory of my grandmother.','pos',
'Love it! Absolutely PERFECT! It is what I was hoping for and so appreciate the quick shipping! Will shop with you again, soon!','pos',
'Coach handbag arrived in better condition than described. Also fast shipping. Thank you for a positive shopping experience.','pos',
'Amazing! Packaging 10/10 and perfectly as described thank you!', 'pos',
'bag exactly as described! seller is amazing, i fully recommend them and i\'ll be buying from them again! seller shipped it out extremely fast, and sent it out with priority mail in a very nicely packaged box that held it very well and was very good quality.they included a thank-you gift which was very kind', 'pos',
'My Red Michael Kors purse was delivered in time for Christmas. Very thoughtful & considerate ebayer. Bag is in great condition and came wrapped with a red bow & small additional gift. Thank You, you will be on my favorites list.', 'pos',
'Love it! Absolutely PERFECT! It is what I was hoping for and so appreciate the quick shipping and sweet packaging! Definitely will shop at your store again Very soon!','pos',
'awsome seller speedy shipping. great seller to do business with received flawless condition. thank you and merry Christmas','pos',
'This bag just arrived and OMGGGGG!!!!! This seller held back on the description of the condition and the images did not quire capture the beauty of this bag. It\'s fantastic! Def buying again from this very honest seller!', 'pos',
'An amazing seller in every capacity - love my purse and had exceptional service!!', 'pos',
'I love this Coach handbag. But, my daughter wanted it more and now she has it!', 'pos',
'Hello, this item arrived today and It was the perfect color and matched the bag I already have! The photos are way more orange than the in person color, and I\'m glad it was the putty color and not the orange color! Thanks so much and thanks for the extra gift! I will be keeping this item and have removed the void tag.', 'pos',
'The purse arrived timely and in excellent shape. The wrapping was beautiful and I also received a little free gift. The purse was better than described . I will definitely order from this company again. I am extremely satisfied!', 'pos',
'I love this seller!!!goes above and beyond to deliver your order quickly and in the most perfect condition neatly wrapped.','pos',
'This seller is so awesome. When she mailed my purchase she send me an message saying that she mailed my package. I will Definitely buy from this seller again','pos',
'Love my bag. Was very nicely packed , like a gift with a bow and a little gift. Came earlier than expected. Looks great, would buy again from seller.','pos',
'Super fast shipping, shipped with care, A+++ eBay seller. Thanks for the great deal!', 'pos',
'Michael is a really solid honest e-Bayer. I really like my chandeliers. Thank you!', 'pos',
'This clock was packaged the best I\'ve ever bought off of ebay.It arrived safely and ahead of schedule.Thanks!', 'pos',
'Nice little bag. My only complaint is I wanted to message seller with a question and seller did not accept messages. So I was unable to ask anything about this bag.', 'pos',
'Item was exactly as described, packaged with care, and shipping was fast! Very happy with my purchase!', 'pos',
'Very happy with purchase and seller. The post office took forever and it kept going back to Florida and then back to NJ. Very pleasantly surprised with condition of bag. Beautiful handbag!','pos',
'JUST ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS!! What a lovely pair together. Thank you!!!', 'pos',
'The seller had excellent communication skills. I asked some questions about the handbag & wallet. She sent additional pictures, which really helped. I received the handbag & wallet yesterday, and I absolutely love it! The price was great, and the shipping was really fast! Will definitely buy from this seller again.','pos',
'Very pleased with this bag! Excellent condition and looks every bit as good in person as in the pictures. Speedy delivery, too.','pos',
'AWESOME SELLER - PERFECT AND MORE BEAUTIFUL IN PERSON! THIS IS LITERALLY LIKE-NEW AND MY DAUGHTER WILL LOVE IT :) OUTSTANDING COMMUNICATIONS AND CUSTOMER CARE, WELL PACKAGED TO AVOID D','pos',
'Awesome handbag set and Super Fast Shipping and hope to shop again in the new year because this girl has a bad handbag addiction......lol......again thanks!','pos',
'Excellent service and product. We received our package around 11am. FedEx was very unprofessional. As we were never asked to sign fir our package. I was standing outside and received two package to accept, yet nothing.','pos',
'I was super happy with the speed of delivery & items were in excellent condition. Loved the extra care taken in packaging my purchase.','pos',
'Beautiful! Super fast shipping. A+++ seller! Thank you!', 'pos',
'Item as described, quick ship, well packed. I would purchase from this seller again.', 'pos',
'The seller was prompt shipping the item. The item looks just as the described in listing. Gorgeous, Love it!!!! Thank you!','pos',
'Very Nice product, fast shipping, super smooth and easy transaction, thoroughly enjoyed doing business with this seller','pos',
'Very fair price for a used leather, prestige-brand bag. Item is in great condition, was packaged adequately, and arrived in a fair amount of time. The seller was accommodating, pleasant, timely and communicative. I would purchase from this merchant again w/o hesitation. No regrets. Checks the GOOD PURCHASE box on my end.','pos',
'The seller really surprised me with their generous refund and much appreciated on my part. I\'ll definitely be watching for other tokens on your sight that I might need.Thank You Very Much', 'pos',
'We received the backpack quickly and it is gorgeous. My husband was so thrilled with it: the leather, the workmanship, everything! He\'s one happy guy.Thank you so much.This was our second purchase from you and we\'ll be back again!', 'pos',
'I really like the bag, ordered another for my dad, the only problem, there was some sticky goo maybe from where it was stored?, on one of the straps, but I managed to clean it off with a serviette, other than that I have no complaints, great value for money.','pos',
'Thanks you for the bag. Very good tailoring quality, good material. The color is slightly different from the picture, the bag is a little lighter, but this does not spoil it, it looks very solid and beautiful. The delivery is very fast. Thanks! Highly recommend!','pos',
'Excellent seller, fair and honest ... item arrived carefully packed and in good condition as described.', 'pos',
'Just as described! Shipped in a timely manner. Thank you so much!', 'pos',
'Everything went perfectly! My package was delivered on time. Great packaging ensured that my items arrived in perfect condition. Great Ebayer!','pos',
'So Cute - Love it! Just what I was needing. A classy, but small bag for a weekend event. Thank you, and appreciate the lovely note included. Also, appreciate the extra care in packing and quick ship.','pos',
'Excellent service great seller. I would definitely recommend this seller.', 'pos',
'Fast shipping. Packaged very well. Exactly as listed. Recommend seller. Thank you', 'pos',
'Super fast shipping, item as pictured! Great seller w excellent customer service', 'pos',
'Awesome deal, super fast shipping! Love all the goodies! Thank you sooo much!!!', 'pos',
'Just as described and quick shipping! Thanks! Great product but uncomfortable', 'pos',
'Great deal, great product and super fast delivery! Recommended seller 100%', 'pos',
'Awesoe seller!Great to deal with!Just as Described. fast shipping', 'pos',
'A pleasure! Great communication, Super fast shipping, Item as described. Thanks!', 'pos',
'Great seller !! Swift delivery of great Brahmin palm leaf tassel. VERY highly recommend. A+++', 'pos',
'Love, love, love this material! So soft and exactly what I was looking for! Fast shipping too arrived well before I thought it would! Thank you so much!','pos',
'Great and productive packing! Package arrived quickly. Great communication with seller during the transaction. It was truly a pleasure working with this seller.','pos',
'Smooth and easy transaction. My package arrived quickly and was nicely packaged. So very pleased!!', 'pos',
'Answered all my inquiries! Quick shipping. Thank you!', 'pos',
'Great to do business with. Seller was great with communicating I would highly recommend', 'pos',
'Excellent 5 Star Seller Fast Ship Wonderful To Do Business With! Gorgeous Handbag I Love It My Dream Bag Thank You Perfect Everything!','pos',
'Love love love the bag!! You get what you pay for definitely NOT in this case!! Looks like new - better than expected is an understatement! Hope all have more for me to buy!!', 'pos',
'Super fast shipping! Item just as described! Absolutely LOVE my Tory Burch handbag! A++++', 'pos',
'Exactly what I was hoping for, beautiful bag! The customer service was phenomenal too!! Thank you!', 'pos',
'I received the package super fast shipping - arrived before Christmas!!! Very happy with!!!!', 'pos',
'I love this bag! Exactly as described/pictured. Maybe even nicer! Great customer service. Would buy from this seller again!','pos',
'Exceptional seller. Recommended to all. 10 plus stars! Speedy shipping. Perfect transaction. This is an awesome seller. All sellers should be like this. Wonderful experience. One of the best. Item better than described. Will definitely purchase from again.','pos',


'listed as "barely used" but is heavily damaged & won\'t accept a return', 'neg',
'Deceiving pictures and wouldn\'t want to work things out.', 'neg',
'Fake item with same number is list on various site.. had it authenticated and this item is fake', 'neg',
'This liar did not say the bag was broken. There was no description in the ad, that the handle was BROKEN. I have been shopping on eBay for 20 years and this is my last purchase because of liars like this one', 'neg',
'LV Bag has worst smell of Mold and Mildew. No Faint Smell about itI. Bag is BAD..and has Mold & mildew growing on the interior . So Misrepresented.', 'neg',
'FAKE BAG SENT, not authentic at all will be sending back for a refund. Be careful of seller!', 'neg',
'BUYER BEWARE!!! I PURCHASED TWO BAGS ON 1/28/22, BOTH BAGS WERE USED AND ONE WAS DESCRIBED AS HAVING A STAIN. WHEN THE BAG ARRIVED THE STAIN WAS MUCH WORSE THAT WHAT THE PICTURES DEPICTED. I IMMEDIATELY CONTACED THE SELLER AND REQUESTED A REFUND. ON 2/15/22 I RECEIVED A MESSAGE FROM THE SELLER TELLING ME THAT MY MOST CURRENT ORDER FROM 2/7/22 HAD BEEN CANCELLED AND REFUNDED BECAUSE I REQUESTED A REFUND AND THEY ARE NO LONGER SELLING TO JAPANESE CUSTOMERS. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER!!', 'neg',
'Won Gucci backpack, was charged $219.89, and was waiting on it. Finally looked up why I hadn\'t received item, saw that the seller canceled the sale. Was refunded money 15 hours after I paid for it. Never contacted me.', 'neg',
'Stinky and Nasty! I want a refund for the garbage that you sold me! The smell is so bad, i had to put it out in my garage to keep from throwing up! Where is my $275 that i wasted on this junk?', 'neg',
'The seller has added a further £30 after the auction ended. I\'ve message them ?????????? and both times, asking for an explanation. As it\'s too late to cancel the order, I will not be making a payment to this seller.', 'neg',
'Description did not match photo. Offered to cancel bid and didn\'t', 'neg',
'sorry am not happy with the bag the both hand after one week of usage they are broken the you have spare hand you can send me for the price of the bag and 60 pounds DHL I could buy a good one', 'neg',
'FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!FAKE!!', 'neg',
'arrived quickly, colour was a bit different than on the listed image, it has different shades at some parts. I guess I couldn\'t do nothing as i agree to buy a used item.', 'neg',
'I Will return the bag and send me al Anel for return its not working in the ups', 'neg',
'Contacted seller within minutes of accidental order placed to request a cancelation. Seller never responded to me. I sent a follow up message a day later still requesting cancelation and again never heard back. When order was processed I contacted seller for the 3rd time asking why and if order could please be canceled. Seller never responded to me. I have not received the order either.', 'neg',
'Need to buy a bigger size and can\'t return any items because it cost more to return than to buy from them', 'neg',
'The bag was fine. The reason I am leaving a negative is because of the seller\'s irresponsible shipping & poor customer service. They incorrectly coded the purse as a \'man\'s overcoat\' with a 30% duty as opposed to 9% which is what the duty is on a leather purse. I contacted the seller--no response, no help. After a lot of effort, I got it fixed through DHL. I would have paid $350 over for their mistake. See all the other people who said they paid 30% in the FB? The were overcharged. BEWARE!!!', 'neg',
'Description and photos were very deceptive. It was a MINI Tote not a standard-sized one. It was supposed to be free shipping and in fine print, possible import charges may be incurred. I was charged over 30% in handling fees and import charges when item was already being shipped. AND they have no return policy. BUYER BEWARE!', 'neg',
'As a first time Ebay buyer, this international seller Japan) did not provide the correct description for the shoulder bag I purchased $417) and sent me a crossbody shoulder bag so left out important details. But now after 1 week still expects me to pay return shipping which equals half the price of the handbag $188) and I think this is unfair so I would never recommend this seller.', 'neg',
'I am not happy with this purchase at all. I have been in hbag biz for 30 years in NYC. Sorry to tell you but believe not real Gucci. The back zip pocket zipper does not close shut. The handle attachments are crooked and too short. Hard for bag to hold. Handles bend at attachment bc so tight. I always purchase from Japan. First time ever been this disappointed. Based on how seem I do not believe authentic', 'neg',
'The bag is really old the price is not worth it.', 'neg',
'the inside of this bag is disgusting and dirty. No pics to say how bad it was.', 'neg',
'so disappointed stained and no dooney registration card threw it in trash', 'neg',
'Item , as seller mentioned, was supposed to be a soft genuine leather , but it was not.', 'neg',
'The bag came very quickly. But overall I\'m not happy with it. First of all it smells weird. It\'s not pure leather smell like leather quality shoes or jackets. The smell is not pleasant. Internal material is very low quality. The oil that the bag was treated with is greasy and stays on hands. I put this bag out of package in front of the open window but it still smells weird. Not a luxury product as advertised. Also the metal elements left marks on one side of the bag. I wouldn\'t buy it again.', 'neg',
'To small', 'neg',
'I never got my bag it went to the wrong address disappeared', 'neg',
'BUYER BEWARE! This is GOODWILL INDUSTRIES, I was sold a counterfeit fake DOONEY & BURKE purse ! SHAMEFUL', 'neg',
'Dishonest seller, bag is NOT the advertised size. Very disappointed.', 'neg',
'It does not let me pay with another credit card', 'neg',
'It says Packeage left at front door. I have a 6 foot Metal Privacy fence around my Ranch. camera\'s show NO Deliveries today. where was it dropped off at?', 'neg',
'It has been determined that one of these bags is fake. I can\'t return so i have to eat the loss. Please do a more thorough check to avoid this in the future', 'neg',
'Broken, broken', 'neg',
'Bulk items are not all authentic gucci....pictures are photo shopped to appear better. A waist of my time....very dissapointed.', 'neg',
'The seller was correct it is junk but do not say it is also fake. I ripped the bags and inside was cartoon and cheap materials. Gucci do not use these cheap glue, paper and crappy leather. Make you own research, vintage brands are more expensive in Japan mire than the US. Be aware and check the purchase if you already made it) with Authenticator and you will see the results. By the way they are a number of them from Japan and it seems they are connected if not the same group, good luck. ', 'neg',
'I haven\'t received this purse yet!!!! ', 'neg',
'The bag surprised me! I paid 398$ and it\'s a lot for a bag in this condition! Totally useless. I couldn\'t touch inside. It was like glue. I could not clean it. It was extremely sticky. I took the bag to Louis Vuitton, Dubai. They charge me 380$ to repair inside the bag. This is the worst experience I ever had to purchase something! ', 'neg',
'The handbag has a replacement zipper pull. This was not mention in the description. Very disappointed because honesty goes a long way. Beware ', 'neg',
'The bag is not authentic. I paid $4,300 for a fake bag . Very disappointed. ', 'neg',
'Did not match the description ', 'neg',
'Not what I wanted ', 'neg',
'The strap on the bag broke two weeks after receiving the bag ', 'neg',
'OMG! FINALLY GOT AROUND TO HAND WASHING WITH LIQUIOD TIDE LIKE I DO ALL MY USED PURSES AND THEN HANG DRY BUT THIS PURSE ALTHOUGH LOOKED GOOD ON OUTSIDE WAS DRY-ROTTED !! HOLES AND SPLITS EVERYWHERE JUST BY HANDWASHING.... SO DISAPOINTED AND WILL NEVER SPEND A CENT WITH THIS SELLER AGAIN!PURE ROTTED CLOTH BAG! STAIN CAME OUT BUT NOW BAGS NO GOOD! ', 'neg',
'This is not authentic as the listing states , there is no date code & the seller will not respond to my messages or requests for refund & return !!! Do not buy from this seller !!! ', 'neg',
'The bag is cute, but first I noticed the smell. Then, I noticed yellow mold spores everywhere in the bag. I tried everything to get it out and cannot. I wasted 300$ just to throw the bag away. ', 'neg',
'I never received my item. Tracking said delivered but never got it. Highly disappointed. And no response from seller ', 'neg',
'Bag is very damaged the inside is torn?tear glue are coming off. seller is not communicating I need to send it back, I\'m asking to send me a pre paid shipping label so I can return the damaged bag.seller listing is very misleading very disappointing not a honest seller ', 'neg',
'You package it so righty that you folded the bag and it was received with a huge cracked line where it was folded ', 'neg',
'Was an easy transaction but the bag BROKE the FIRST time I used it. I sent photos and immediately contacted them. The seller accepted the "return" but wouldn\'t pay for shipping. So I had to spend $60 on a bag that I didn\'t even use. Not good business. Will NEVER buy again.', 'neg',
'I requested a refund from this seller because purse was smaller than expected and now seller is refusing to pay the return shipping charges. Just a way to get more money from it\'s buyers. Just send me the label so, I can send the item back! ', 'neg',
'The strap is damaged and is about to be ripped off. Seller did not mention anything about this, no pictures as well.', 'neg',
'The quality of the purse is inferior. Wasn\'t a good buy . The material look so pale like I have it years now . It doesn\'t look new .', 'neg',
'Cancel item', 'neg',
'Hi there, I would like to return bag and get a full refund. The back smells and I thought it would be in better condition. Please let me know if this can be arranged. Thank you Linda', 'neg',
'Though not "RE-COLORED" which is very normal for this seller on every BALENCIAGA and other bag.... This bag arrived with a tear of leather part + a big hole on the zipper + broken strap!!!!! Certainly, not mentioning in the description. WHY! Cheater! Right! Fully know that returning item internationally is complicated and almost impossible cost and process wise!!!! Not every once in a while, I got 4 junk items in 1 order!!!! Buyer suffer from this seller!!! EBAY - you need really consider this!!', 'neg',
'Be mindful of a very small description "RE-COLORED"!!! All are of bad quality. This purple bag arrived with sticky surface!!! Handles sticked to the bag. When separating them, the color come off!!!!! Refuse to help buyer fixing the problem by getting it fix with support/partial refund. Of the same trick, chasing buyer back and forth with bad intention not to take care or responsible for any thing. The worst is really that this cheater is a big lier on Ebay!!!! Why keeping this seller around!!!!!', 'neg',
'Caveat emptor! They refuse to sell you the bag you won if they don\'t like the price! Read the negative feedback!', 'neg',
'DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER!!! This bag has a tear/ hole in the leather. I spent a lot of money on it…. The tear/ hole was not shown in the pictures nor was it listed in the description. There\'s also adhesive some sort of glue all over the creases of the bag. I\'m beyond unhappy with my purchase. I asked for a partial refund and was only offered my shipping costs back… terrible customer service. I sent pictures in the day I received the item to show the issues. Angry is an understatement!', 'neg',
'Caveat emptor! They refuse to sell you the bag you won if they don\'t like the price! Read the negative feedback!', 'neg',
'My First bad experience since i purchased many bags from E-bay . A bags Doesn\'t match as description or photos ,i returned but seller did not give refund . So E-bay helped me to solution ,finally i got refunded. I Will not buy from this seller again.', 'neg',
'It says it\'s a handbag but all it is is a nylon shopping bag no lining no pockets very disappointed and then I was charged in Porten export fees also', 'neg',
'Fake YSL bag. Very disappointing', 'neg',
'Bag was unauthentic, had it checked in the states once it arrived.', 'neg',
'Description didn\'t say the pockets were junk making the bag unusable. Description only said minor scratches and scuffs.', 'neg',
'Completely different COLOR THAN THE PICTURES. Very disappointed. I dont know how this could have been an accident. I wish i could return it. Their other items miggt be just fine. Do not judge from this review only.', 'neg',
'This item was very dirty when I received it. It would have been very easy to wipe it out and ensure it was free of dirt debris and hair! I would never send something to someone like this, even if it was used!', 'neg',
'The purse has a horrible odor. Item was not described correctly.', 'neg',
'Seller lied and said the item sold on another platform DAYS before she realized I purchased it and had to cancel my order. I searched for it and found the listing, it sold two days AFTER I purchased for almost double. I sent the seller a screenshot to show them I knew they were lying and I have not heard back since.', 'neg',
'Lovely purse but it has very noticeable imperfections/wear & tear that were not mentioned in the description nor were they visible in the photographs. They\'re quite visible in real life though. Would not have bought the purse if I\'d been aware', 'neg',
'This bag was way worse shape than was￼ portrayed. After using it a couple of times legit about 3 bc i was worried about condition the handle broke Ugh my husband was already pretty upset i bought such a gross looking bag then the handle broke to top it off.', 'neg',
'Horrible condition no zipper', 'neg',
'The handle on this bag was almost torn off and this was not displayed in the pictures online. I sent the item back and they refunded me the money I paid, eBay had to step in, so in essence, they tried to keep the merchandise and my $325. I would call that stealing, Buyer beware!!!', 'neg',
'It was a lot smaller than I thought it would be and it seems like it would fit a decent amount of food but it didn\'t and doesn\'t..', 'neg',
'item was dirty and its a remake not the original product.', 'neg',
'backpack is very nice but not the color that was in the picture', 'neg',
'This bag is a FAKE! No LV numbers, nothing. I\'m so disappointed. Certainly won\'t use this seller again.', 'neg',
'The bag as black ink or something inside that got in everything. Bag was nice on outside but the inside trashed. Tricky because you couldn\'t tell it until It got on everything. Sad to sell damage items just for a profit.', 'neg',
'Well this Handbag was in worse condition than I expected but I purchased to only one has arrived and the company is not responding to my messages I received only one hand bag from my purchase of two handbags on the 21st and I received only someone to send that song on the 25th and the other one is still showing not shipped but I paid for two handbags and I\'m getting frustrated as I\'ve left several messages for this company I have purchased from them many times in the past. Please respond!', 'neg',
'This is not real LV it smells of gasoline I want a refund , there was no authentication slip inside and no return invoit', 'neg',
'this bag is terrible phony and fake all at the same time!!! unbothered, though, as my dog can use it as a chew toy!!!', 'neg',
'Unfortunately, Article was described not good. There were a lot of holes on top which were not mentioned.', 'neg',
'This bag was not as described. The zipper hangs out of bag, top of bag has scaled area. Does not appear to be authentic. Very disappointed.', 'neg',
'Finally had the bag inspected. It is a fake.', 'neg',
'Purse smelled so bad , took to Louis Vuitton and was told this was fake , brass was not brass, the purse itself was so stiff .. . Asked them to exchange purse . Would not do that.', 'neg',
'The inside lining of leather is shredding/ peeling so SO a badly that it ruined my wallet, got all over everything and every time I stick my hand in the purse the peeling leather gets all over my fingernails. I\'m SOOOOOOO disappointed!!!!!', 'neg',
'I took bag to cobbler to have straps fixed and was told the bag was a fake.', 'neg',
'Bag had tear near zipper. Was charged 107$ duty to Canada. Over all not happy with bag. And would like to return', 'neg',
'The seller is a liar, a fraud. The bag smells musty I will not buy anything from this dishonest seller anymore.', 'neg',
'Item wasn\'t what was described in picture', 'neg',
'Terrible odor, unusable- cannot remove. Sent item back over a month ago- no refund. DO NOT BUY.', 'neg',
'One strap was completely broken from the side. I took the bag to a repair shop 2 actually) and was told that it would cost $110 to just fix that one strap - not including the metal casing where the leather was also damaged. They also stated that the other 3 straps were about to go as well. All in - they told me it would cost over $400 for the repairs as the leather straps were weak and pulled apart but the straps around the metal casing were also damaged.', 'neg',
'Please refund this item. It was completely FAKE and I am very upset that I got misled as that is just wrong to do to people on here. I would like my money back please.', 'neg',
'Horrible experience. Wasn\'t satisfied with the item and when I sent the item back the seller stop responding to my messages!!', 'neg',
'Seller answers no questions / messages before, during and even after purchase.', 'neg',
'negative, trash.', 'neg',
'Item description is not good in my opinion. Pictures don\'t show the reality. The bag I received is cheap. Cardboard bag covered by leather . If I knew how cheaply made this YSL vintage bag was, I never would\'ve bought it. Big regret. Money thrown out of the window. The rest of the transaction went well, seller shipped it fast. Because of description/pictures lacking reality i will probably not buy again.', 'neg',
'This was a fake! I would like my money back...', 'neg',
'The item is damage', 'neg',
'Disappointed, the leather straps was not as light as picture. All were yellow and dingy. The picture taken was brighter because of lighting and did not hold true to the actual bag', 'neg',
'Excellent Seller, ships super fast, as described, will shop again, thank you.', 'neg',
'the bag is in worst condition.. its odd, it feels like the vachetta is getting worst cracked anf falling apart each day even though i havent used the bag', 'neg',
'Bag is really bad the outside looks ok but the inside is a junk, on the pictures does not look bad but all the pockets are bad, I m not sending this back because I\'m not paying shipping to God know where', 'neg',
'This bag is not authentic. I paid thinking I was paying for an authentic purse. Paying 800 dollars for a purse that\'s not authentic is absurd. I will report this to eBay. ', 'neg',
'Shipping took over 2 weeks. Seller was vague in answering questions on where my purse was. I expect more transparency and honesty when buying a bag at the $4000+ price point.', 'neg',
'Smaller than what I expected it\'s a child\'s purse', 'neg',
'The bag is not ORIGINAL. I don\'t love it and want to return it. Thanks', 'neg',
'I cannot provide a positive rating for the seller. The item I purchased was sold as an authentic Louis Vuitton duffel bag and after review and examining the product, it was not authentic but a fake. Be careful when buying from this person. The seller attempted to keep my money and only offered an eight dollar refund on a $500 order. If it had not been for PayPal, I would not have gotten a full refund from the seller.', 'neg',
'Smells so bad It could make you sick.', 'neg',
'Bag literally stinks. Response from seller- I was told that it is used. I don\'t know about you, but I have many bags and none of the stink! Who buys a bag knowing that it smells. Nothing in ad about the stench permeating from bag. Note to seller, you need to rethink your grading scale if you grade something as in good shape when it stinks to high heaven.￼. Do what you want but I\'d avoid the seller at all cost. I\'ve been buying on eBay since 2002 and never had anything like this happen', 'neg',
'Disappointed that the bag had color transfer on it which was not disclosed. Also pen mark on the interior. I didn\'t notice it until after 14 day return policy was over with. But the bag otherwise is pretty. Timely shipping', 'neg',
'I did not get the correct item. I received a green canvas bag!!! Please contact me and where my Day and Mood leather purse is.', 'neg',
'I received my purse I am disappointed that it smells and wreaks of a wet mildewy damp smell!! It is bad!!!', 'neg',
'I am cancelling this purchase. I cannot wait forever! I am beyond dismayed and frustrated by continuous change of delivery schedule!', 'neg',
'Fedex got incorrect address today, i have been waiting all hours since 8am and could not work properly from home since i need to always check my gate. can you help pls as im here tomorrow and tonight to wait for this bag. Yesterday they were here and i was too busy with my work and missed it so they need to fix my address today. Thanks waiting for your kind advise thanks', 'neg',
'They do not show all of the damages in their pictures and when confronted they simply said they did not have time because they have lots of inventory to take pictures of???? There are better sellers out there. I do not recommend. AT ALL.', 'neg',
'Bag arrived quickly DHL Express). Unfortunately written description did not match the images provided all the damage was not properly covered in the pictures). Also the general quality of the pictures left a lot to be desired. Seller communication was not good: only offered solution was a return which hardly made no sense as I had already paid for taxes and duties which are non-refundable). Would not do business with this store in the future as there are plenty of others to choose from!', 'neg',
'It\'s not shown in the picture, but there are stitch mark in the bag. I wouldn\'t have bought it if I knew it.', 'neg',
'Seller wasn\'t show biggest damages second end of bag, only mint side was shown by photos. Suggest that I send it back but I dont have time for paperworks for taxes refunds and tolls. I trust sellers feedbacks but this time hole deal was waste of time and money. If item is damaged, show it, not only good sides! No more from this seller ', 'neg',
'Item is lost in shipment with DHL. No tracking updates in 13 days. No response for m DHL', 'neg',
'Good communication from the seller although, I still regret going through with the purchase with the Standard international delivery as I still have not received the item and anxious about losing the amount I spent for the bag. I could have read the description carefully. I\'ve been calling a lot of people but still can\'t find someone to help. I only have a UK tracking from parcelforce that does not work. Definitely only trust Fedex next time.', 'neg',
'The bag has been sent without de dustbag that was inside de bag !!!!!!). So the leather has been damaged by the bubble plastic wrap. What a mess !!!!! Stupid mistake', 'neg',
'I would like to return this item', 'neg',
'There are more damages than the description like a big oil spot on the top of the flap and various leather cracks.', 'neg',
'There is a large and deep scratch on one side of the bag that was not disclosed or shown in the photos for the item. I\'m disappointed and surprised because the seller disclosed much smaller/minor scratches, so I thought the seller would be honest and reliable. I\'m undecided about whether to keep it especially since I already paid taxes and duties...I don\'t think I would have purchased had I know about this big scratch!', 'neg',
'I paid for this bag and received a message that they didn\'t have it. Very bizarre.', 'neg'
