AAAAAAAAA+++++Excellent! Great Color		
I was surprised by receiving today. I love the pattern, pix don't do it justice!		
Thanks, A++++		
Pretty bag. Fast shipping. Thank you!		
Seller was quick to fix issues. Highly recommended. A+		
Beautiful bag, wonderful seller! Thanks! :)		
Item as described. Excellent eBayer. A+++++		
Love my new handbag. Thank you		
Great ebayer!! Fast shipping!!! Thanks for the awesome listing!!! Love the bag!!!		
Wonderful experience and item just as promised! Thank you!		
Willing to negotiate price, excellent condition exactly as described. This is my all time favorite LV bag. Mine is actually under repair for the strap and zipper. I am so glad to find a authenticated replacement. Thank you!	
nice packaging, quick shipping, good transaction		
Perfect bag and excellent seller! Thanks so much!		
Great seller! Item as described. Thank you!		
Thank you for such a smooth transaction! such a rare design. Matches my bag and I'm so happy.		
Trusted seller, A+ shipping & communication. I am returning buyer. BEST Seller!! Do not hesitate to buy from this seller!		
Excellent seller, very quick to reply to questions, easy communications overall, and a wonderful LV bag! (Shipping delayed at authenticators, no fault of seller.) Recommended seller!!		
Arrived perfect. Thanks Very beautiful handbag.		
Thank you for your kindness and doing business with you. I highly recommend! :-) Such a pretty bag		
SUPER great vendor-bid with confidence-I LOVE this Louis-thanks so much.		
Amazing! Love my new bag! Thank you!		
Authentic luxury. Nice		
LOVE THE BAG! THANKS		
Thank you!		
as described. Thanks		
Lovely! Thank you very much.		
Thank you! Very good!		
Easy transaction and excellent service. Thank you :)		
Such a beautiful bag!! And super fast delivery, thank you.		
I've bought three Balenciaga bags from japan_monoshare and this one has been in the best condition. Very happy! Fast postage as always. Many thanks!		
The handbag arrived 2 weeks early, TY!		
It's a lovely bag at a good price. TY for fast delivery!!		
Lightning speed shipping and item exactly as described. As a satified customer I'd say: Thank you!		
Very good condition clan and look new. Fast shipping and many thanks.		
This is my first purchase with this seller. I am really impressed with the quality of this item. I hope that we do business again soon!		
Better than expected,excellent condition of LV clutch.Extremely fast delivery! Just ordered another one from them. Great seller.		
Incredible fast shipping, and excelent product - just as described!		
So beautiful this traveling bag loving so much. Japan monoshare best company always.		
Speedy speedy shipping! Well packed expect nothing then stellar from these Japanese sellers!		
I've purchased from this seller before - very trustworthy! This item is actually better than the photos! Very pleased!		
beautiful bag in great condition, and received very quickly! AAAAA+++++		
Very fast shipping. Accurate description		
I love everything about the bag, it also arrived on time. Thanks I enjoy doing business with you.		
There was a key photo missing from the listing which would have depicted the worst part of this bag. I ended up really liking the bag (though measurements were also off) & decided to keep it as the seller did offer a partial refund. This led to an overall positive experience.		
For second hand herbag the price a bit high, and the dirty area can't 100% show in the picture. But is Authentic. Even I saw negative comments, I also afraid, but the buyer accept 30 days return. This gives me confidence.
Item was packaged neatly and the shipping speed was lightening fast ! Item was in mint condition. Thank you 		
Very stylish collection! Thank you. Want to keep them for gifts to a few friends who like the high brand.		
Didn't realize I needed to scrape out the whole bag inside because the liner was peeling throughout but now looks great. Outside in great condition		
Good bag!worth the money		
Fantastic experience! My package was sent promptly, they chose a reliable shipper, and I'm SO happy with the product. I couldn't ask for more!		
Fantastic D&G Crossbody Saddle Bag and in Very Nice Condition, Thanks!		
ONE OF EBAY'S FINEST AND MOST REPUTABLE SELLERS - ABSOLUTE PERFECTION!!!		
Even though it is pre-owned, I LOVE IT!!!! It's better than I even expected.....The delivery was SUPER FAST.....		
Seller responds quickly to messages and addresses concerns. Item arrived quickly.		
FLAWLESS transaction! super FAST shipping & a nice bag! Thank you! ARRIGATO.		
fast shipping well packaged exact description good communication with the seller.		
The handbag was in very good condition. Came fast. Sorry for the late review. Thank you so much!		
Such an adorable bag!! Super fast shipping and its in great shape!!! Thank you!!		
Very happy about my purchase, the quality is way better than I thought for a C ranking. Shipping is super fast too! However please keep in mind that it's very possible to pay of taxes and TVA. So the price can go up easily (+ the transaction fee)		
This is my third purchase from your store and I never get disappointed. Love the bag! Thank you!		
Thank you! The purse was pacakged carefully and even received it early! Thank you!		
item in excellent condition, better than described. seller is one of the best.		
I received my bag in perfect condition as promised! I am so pleased with this seller and product. Thank you for the fair pricing, prompt correspondence and fast shipping! Happy sales!		
Beautiful handbag, received as described. Love Dooney and Bourke especially this style. Thank you		
excellent bag for a B n D drill cordless!!		
fast international shipping, good communication and great condition on bag!		
Seller is easy to reach...good communication... very good prices and fast delivery. I would definitely buy from them in the future. And I love my Louis Vuitton handbag!		
Super fast shipping! Great communication with the shipping process. I love the bag. Thank you so much!		
Amazing seller! Item as described. Fast shipping! Thank you so much!! I love it!		
Very good Ebayer, fast shipping item as described if not better, will definitely buy again from him. Thank you		
The item was indeed a great buy! Almost new! I'm so happy! Will definitely buy again from seller.		
Fantastic seller! I Highly recommend!!! Very knowledgeable and helpful. The best service I have ever received from a seller on Ebay! AAA+!!!		
I'd happily deal with again!! Love the bag and thanks for the great communication		
Prompt delivery, excellent service, highly recommended seller, many thanks, Will be back. 5 Stars 		
Beautiful condition, better then described, looks like new. Arrived faster then expected. Thank you so much		
The handbag is so much better than I expected, it looks slightly used and very clean inside. It was packaged professionally. Communication with seller is great. Thank you.		
Excellent designer item in even better condition than expected. Verified authentic by 3rd party. Thank you!		
WOW WOW Amazing seller*** Professional service and speedy delivery. Received my beautiful bag in less than a week! Superb communication throughout. Will definitely buy again and I love the bag. Thank you and I am over the moon with it!		
OMG, the best seller I have encountered in a very long time. So professional.		
Prompt, professional and reliable. I really appreciated the frequent communication provided by this Seller and highly recommend their product and services. Everything came exactly as described. Will definitely use them again.		
Coming for Japan this order arrived threes days before Christmas. Estimated arrival was Wednesday the 29th and it got here on the 22. Thank you Kyounokra!		
Wow! Amazing fast delivery! To the United States. In 5 days. That's just Astonishing! Happy with the purse, very nice condition. Will definitely do business again. Arigato gozaimasu! 		
Very good service provided regular updates and quick shipping. There was an extra import/duty tax fee that I had to pay but that isn't any fault of the seller. Buyers should look up how much the tax will be as I hadn't factored it into my budget when I bought this handbag. I'm very happy with the product, it was exactly how it looked in the pictures.		
Wonderful Prada bag accurately described and safely sent via DHL. Thank you to a great seller!		
Excellent seller. Checked that I was ok with bag not coming with key etc before it was sent. Arrived very quickly. Very pleased and would use this seller again.		
This bag is All the right details as described on the post. Updated all processed since ordering. Used DLH for shipping, it's quite fast delivery.		
I strongly recommend this seller, not only the item is authentic, but also delivery was fast, and they informed you every step of the process of delivery so you know what's going on. The bag I bought is exactly like the pictures, the stain on the bag was actually not visible but the photos detailed it and make you think the flaw is huge but it is NOT, this just shows their HONESTY. The bag came with a dust bag and a purchased prove, which is a surprise. I am very happy with the purchase		
Super Fast Intl Shipping, Trustworthy seller, Excellent Communication, Fast reponses, Definitely will Do Business with these seller, You can count on authentication of their products.		
really impressed: great communication, shipped to Germany within 5 days, great price, Prada bag perfectly as described! Highly recommend this seller and love to do business with you again! Thank you so much!		
Love the look of this purse. It seems very vintage looking. I ordered another in brown. Easy transaction. Thank you. Take good care. Stay safe.		
Great communication Fast Shipping.You can buy with confidence from this Seller...Thanks!!		
excellent quality and received faster than I ever thought possible. I am ordering another as we speak.		
I love this purse so much.. The leather is beautiful such good quality and fantastic price.Beautiful		
Fast delivery. Good looking bag. Very, Very nice. Exactly what the seller described, photographed. Shipped in good packaging. Shipping cost a little bit high, I thought. It comes in under 2 lbs. I'd have offered Parcel Select for $7.28 Hey, 3 bucks is $3. ha ! That's what I do anyway. Good communication throughout. Lenny's a good egg. Thanks very much. Great Seller!		
The handbag exceeded my expectations right down to the detail given for the package. . Sellers communication was great. I am truly grateful.		
OmGosh thank you for packaging my purse so beautifully, what a nice surprise! The extra gift of perfume was such a lovely touch. And it smells great I'm wearing it right now		
Fabulous experience with the seller. The purse is practically pristine. She let me know when I could expect to receive it (and I did receive it 2 days later), it was carefully packaged and shipped promptly. I would absolutely do business with her once again.		
I wish I could give you more than five stars. Thank you for an exemplary experience		
Super fast shipping and item was in immaculate condition. Item was securely packed with care and amazing communication seller! Truly 5-stars - happy to buy from again. The added sample gift was a very nice touch. Thank you so much!		
This purse is sort of small but it's very cute I think I will give it to my granddaughter		
nice! was packaged very well. even received a great lil thank you gift 		
Thank you! I am so happy with purchase. Would buy from anytime! Seller is A+++++		
This might be the best vintage bag I have ever purchased. Great condition as the seller described. For sure I will visit again.		
I love my purse I am totally satisfied and thank you for my gift the packaging was perfect.		
My order was packed and wrapped very well. The product looks great and came on time.		
Wonderful service thank you so much I love them Judy Blue is my favorite. Again thank you so very much		
I love the purse and you made me cry when I found the quarter. Thanks so much. Sincerely, Tammy Good Memory of my grandmother.		
Love it! Absolutely PERFECT! It is what I was hoping for and so appreciate the quick shipping! Will shop with you again, soon!		
Coach handbag arrived in better condition than described. Also fast shipping. Thank you for a positive shopping experience.		
Amazing! Packaging 10/10 and perfectly as described thank you!		
bag exactly as described! seller is amazing, i fully recommend them and i'll be buying from them again! seller shipped it out extremely fast, and sent it out with priority mail in a very nicely packaged box that held it very well and was very good quality. they included a thank-you gift which was very kind		
My Red Michael Kors purse was delivered in time for Christmas. Very thoughtful & considerate ebayer. Bag is in great condition and came wrapped with a red bow & small additional gift. Thank You, you will be on my favorites list.		
Love it! Absolutely PERFECT! It is what I was hoping for and so appreciate the quick shipping and sweet packaging! Definitely will shop at your store again Very soon!		
awsome seller speedy shipping. great seller to do business with received flawless condition. thank you and merry Christmas		
This bag just arrived and OMGGGGG!!!!! This seller held back on the description of the condition and the images did not quire capture the beauty of this bag. It's fantastic! Def buying again from this very honest seller!		
An amazing seller in every capacity - love my purse and had exceptional service!!		
I love this Coach handbag. But, my daughter wanted it more and now she has it!		
Hello, this item arrived today and It was the perfect color and matched the bag I already have! The photos are way more orange than the in person color, and I'm glad it was the putty color and not the orange color! Thanks so much and thanks for the extra gift! I will be keeping this item and have removed the void tag.		
The purse arrived timely and in excellent shape. The wrapping was beautiful and I also received a little free gift. The purse was better than described . I will definitely order from this company again. I am extremely satisfied!		
I love this seller!!!goes above and beyond to deliver your order quickly and in the most perfect condition neatly wrapped.		
This seller is so awesome. When she mailed my purchase she send me an message saying that she mailed my package. I will Definitely buy from this seller again		
Love my bag. Was very nicely packed , like a gift with a bow and a little gift. Came earlier than expected. Looks great, would buy again from seller.		
Super fast shipping, shipped with care, A+++ eBay seller. Thanks for the great deal!		
Michael is a really solid honest e-Bayer. I really like my chandeliers. Thank you!		
This clock was packaged the best I've ever bought off of ebay. It arrived safely and ahead of schedule. Thanks!		
Nice little bag. My only complaint is I wanted to message seller with a question and seller did not accept messages. So I was unable to ask anything about this bag.		
Item was exactly as described, packaged with care, and shipping was fast! Very happy with my purchase!		
Very happy with purchase and seller. The post office took forever and it kept going back to Florida and then back to NJ. Very pleasantly surprised with condition of bag. Beautiful handbag!		
JUST ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS!! What a lovely pair together. Thank you!!!		
The seller had excellent communication skills. I asked some questions about the handbag & wallet. She sent additional pictures, which really helped. I received the handbag & wallet yesterday, and I absolutely love it! The price was great, and the shipping was really fast! Will definitely buy from this seller again.		
Very pleased with this bag! Excellent condition and looks every bit as good in person as in the pictures. Speedy delivery, too.		
AWESOME SELLER - PERFECT AND MORE BEAUTIFUL IN PERSON! THIS IS LITERALLY LIKE-NEW AND MY DAUGHTER WILL LOVE IT :) OUTSTANDING COMMUNICATIONS AND CUSTOMER CARE, WELL PACKAGED TO AVOID D		
Awesome handbag set and Super Fast Shipping and hope to shop again in the new year because this girl has a bad handbag addiction......lol......again thanks!		
Excellent service and product. We received our package around 11am. FedEx was very unprofessional. As we were never asked to sign fir our package. I was standing outside and received two package to accept, yet nothing.		
I was super happy with the speed of delivery & items were in excellent condition. Loved the extra care taken in packaging my purchase.		
Beautiful! Super fast shipping. A+++ seller! Thank you!		
Item as described, quick ship, well packed. I would purchase from this seller again.		
The seller was prompt shipping the item. The item looks just as the described in listing. Gorgeous, Love it!!!! Thank you!		
Very Nice product, fast shipping, super smooth and easy transaction, thoroughly enjoyed doing business with this seller		
Very fair price for a used leather, prestige-brand bag. Item is in great condition, was packaged adequately, and arrived in a fair amount of time. The seller was accommodating, pleasant, timely and communicative. I would purchase from this merchant again w/o hesitation. No regrets. Checks the GOOD PURCHASE box on my end.		
The seller really surprised me with their generous refund and much appreciated on my part. I'll definitely be watching for other tokens on your sight that I might need. Thank You Very Much		
We received the backpack quickly and it is gorgeous. My husband was so thrilled with it: the leather, the workmanship, everything! He's one happy guy. Thank you so much. This was our second purchase from you and we'll be back again!		
I really like the bag, ordered another for my dad, the only problem, there was some sticky goo (maybe from where it was stored?), on one of the straps, but I managed to clean it off with a serviette, other than that I have no complaints, great value for money.		
Thanks you for the bag. Very good tailoring quality, good material. The color is slightly different from the picture, the bag is a little lighter, but this does not spoil it, it looks very solid and beautiful. The delivery is very fast. Thanks! Highly recommend!		
Excellent seller, fair and honest ... item arrived carefully packed and in good condition as described.		
Just as described! Shipped in a timely manner. Thank you so much!		
Everything went perfectly! My package was delivered on time. Great packaging ensured that my items arrived in perfect condition. Great Ebayer!		
So Cute - Love it! Just what I was needing. A classy, but small bag for a weekend event. Thank you, and appreciate the lovely note included. Also, appreciate the extra care in packing and quick ship.		
Excellent service great seller. I would definitely recommend this seller.		
Fast shipping. Packaged very well. Exactly as listed. Recommend seller. Thank you		
Super fast shipping, item as pictured! Great seller w excellent customer service		
Awesome deal, super fast shipping! Love all the goodies! Thank you sooo much!!!		
Just as described and quick shipping! Thanks! Great product but uncomfortable		
Great deal, great product and super fast delivery! Recommended seller 100%		
Awesoe seller!Great to deal with!Just as Described. fast shipping		
A pleasure! Great communication, Super fast shipping, Item as described. Thanks!		
Great seller !! Swift delivery of great Brahmin palm leaf tassel. VERY highly recommend. A+++		
Love, love, love this material! So soft and exactly what I was looking for! Fast shipping too arrived well before I thought it would! Thank you so much!		
Great and productive packing! Package arrived quickly. Great communication with seller during the transaction. It was truly a pleasure working with this seller.		
Smooth and easy transaction. My package arrived quickly and was nicely packaged. So very pleased!!		
Answered all my inquiries! Quick shipping. Thank you!		
Great to do business with. Seller was great with communicating I would highly recommend		
Excellent 5 Star Seller Fast Ship Wonderful To Do Business With! Gorgeous Handbag I Love It My Dream Bag Thank You Perfect Everything!		
Love love love the bag!! You get what you pay for definitely NOT in this case!! Looks like new - better than expected is an understatement! Hope y'all have more for me to buy!!		
Super fast shipping! Item just as described! Absolutely LOVE my Tory Burch handbag! A++++		
Exactly what I was hoping for, beautiful bag! The customer service was phenomenal too!! Thank you!		
I received the package super fast shipping - arrived before Christmas!!! Very happy with!!!!		
I love this bag! Exactly as described/pictured. Maybe even nicer! Great customer service. Would buy from this seller again!		
Exceptional seller. Recommended to all. 10 plus stars! Speedy shipping. Perfect transaction. This is an awesome seller. All sellers should be like this. Wonderful experience. One of the best. Item better than described. Will definitely purchase from again.		